hey guys so recently I've been thinking
of getting a snake but before I get to
that I'm just going to talk about some
enclosure ideas I have for the final
product for these guys because it's just
a temporary enclosure so this is what
I'm thinking my now the owner of live
foods unlimited I'm good meant to them
and yeah he's got this really nice
aluminium framed enclosure like black
aluminium black coated aluminium and
yeah so the frame will be this is what
I'm thinking the frame will be aluminium
and then it will be glass inserts so
kind of like this but the yeah yeah you
get what I mean and then it'll be three
foot long so it's like perfect length so
from here to just before this light
switch here is like just over three foot
so it's perfect
and then we'll have it probably two foot
high I'm not too sure on the height yet
because what we're gonna do is
underneath the enclosure is going to be
an open covered so kinda just like that
just there there just be an open space
and what we're gonna do is put this
enclosure like in there and in like the
open space so then in that enclosure I'm
thinking of getting a snake so obvious
obviously it's going to be a small snake
so I'm gonna probably this is what I'm
looking at I'm looking at getting an
anthill python which is a small snake in
the world like it's known as a pygmy
python and they're actually in season
now but obviously I don't have anything
ready so I think I'm gonna get one next
year but the thing is I just need to get
my uh my parents to come
because they're not really okay with it
yet but I'll convince them
so with this enclosure I think I'm going
to start I'm on I just I'm still an exam
block but I'm starting holidays in two
weeks or so just less than two weeks so
I might get started this holidays but if
not this holidays I'll live for next
holidays because these guys are growing
quite quickly
I've actually been taking photos of
their growth like what I do is I have a
ruler down here and then I put them next
to it blah blah blah so yeah like
probably every few weeks I think every
two weeks I've been taking a photo of
them and his growth is just spectacular
he's been growing so much he was seven
centimeters when we got him I think and
now he's 15 I think so yeah he's doubled
and then everything just chillin she is
growing now she she wasn't growing for a
little bit but now I can definitely say
it she's uh she's eating really well now
she still doesn't eat when he's around
like he has to be sleeping or something
but yet when she does eight sheets
really well so might as well just get
little right that's gonna try and do
this with hands
so it's pretty early in the morning
spice nice and hungry
Oh save it all my even gone on that you
say are up there
I think I'm that really quick on wave is
uh aggressive I'm not sure yet because I
know with bearded dragons its submissive
but yeah I must be a dominant behavior
with such red ants oops sorry about my
hand then that's good yeah hang on just
place the camera down quickly
you still get a good view
so yeah just a little update I'm wonder
with happening in the future
I myself go to the Dragons Ruby's still
in still in relation and Scooby slow
down crazy and then yeah these guys are
just chillin OOP this pool new clean see
ya thanks searching see ya